Overhaul tool usage in CI and for contribution (#591)
exercism/php: README.md

# Exercism PHP Track

Exercism exercises in PHP

> Follow these instructions, if you want to contribute to the track.
> You must have a BASH shell to run the tooling locally.
> 
> If you only want to solve the exercises, go to the [track docs][track-docs] and choose your installation option there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these instructions to contribute to the PHP track.

To solve the execise, head to the [PHP track](https://exercism.org/tracks/php) and check the [documentation][track-docs].
```

## Install Dependencies

> You must have installed `composer` as a global tool as recommended in the [PHP track installation docs][composer-installation-docs].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following system dependencies are required:
- `composer`, as recommended in the [PHP track installation docs][composer-installation-docs].
- [`bash` shell](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/)
```

> ```shell
> bin/fetch-configlet
> composer install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following command to get started with this project:

```shell
bin/fetch-configlet # The official tool for managing Exercism language track repositories
composer install # Required dependencies to develop this track
```

```

> You now have all tools required to contribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Running Exercism resources management

`bin/configlet` is a tool to manage exercism resources in this track.
See [Building Exercism docs][configlet-docs].

## Running Unit Test Suite

> We use PHPUnit 9.6.x and a shell loop injecting `exemplar.php` as the solution for testing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tests are run with PHPUnit. A shell loop injecting `exemplar.php` is provided to ease testing.

Execute the following command to run the tests:
```

```shell
composer test:run
```

## Running Style Checker

> We use a slightly [modified] version of [PSR-12] and some exceptions:
> 
> ```shell
> composer lint:check
> ```
> 
> To auto-fix the coding styles:
> 
> ```shell
> composer lint:fix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project use a slightly [modified] version of [PSR-12], use the following commands to apply code style:
```shell
composer lint:check # Checks the files against the code style rules
composer lint:fix # Automatically fix codestyle issues
```
